/| T.K. Phoenix ||

*//Documentation
Using RandomWordApi
Using PokemonApi
Using OMDBApi
Using AnimeChanApi
Using HTML/CSS
Using Javascript/JSQL
Using Gridbox

<a href="https://www.freepik.com/vectors/background">Backgrounds created by
upklyak - www.freepik.com</a>

//How To Play
Travel through the land of Ty Kali as you strive for typing supremacy!
Type the word that appears on the screen to move towards the goal.
CAREFUL!! Press the wrong key and you'll trip up slowing your progress
and bringing defeat one step closer!

//Mechanics:
When a mistake is made; replace word w/ new word
Every mistake = -1 heart;

StoryMode -
Easy[5 words], Med[10 words], Hard[20 words]
Easy[2 Hearts (3 mistakes)]
Med[1 Hearts (2 mistakes)]
Hard[No Heart (1 mistakes)]
Five Minutes to reach goal to pass level.

VS -
1 Heart for each player (2 Mistakes)
QP[10 words], H2H[25 words], F2F[First to fall]
First to goal or last standing wins in 2-player mode.
Every five words with no mistake recovers a heart
Every three words ahead of opponent removes one of their heart

Challenge -
60 second challenge with words from chosen category
Every 10 words w/o a mistake adds 10 seconds
Global High Score || Personal High Score || Last Attempt


//Story So Far...

Welcome to Ty Kali, a world filled with magic and wonder! The people
of this world travel to various realms to develop their greatest power,  
the power of spells and words. As a "Script-in-training" you are headed
for the "Kore Reactor", an ancient item used to unlock latent knowledge.

The journey to the Kore Reactor will be filled with peril and challenges
but if you persist you will leave with abilities greater than those of
which you had came. Abilities provided only to those who are willing to
journey into the dark and arise from the ashes like a Phoenix.

Your search begins on the shores of a beach, bright and beautiful. With
such a gorgeous view there's no way anything could go wrong... Right?

//Modes

Story: Play through the original story of T.K. Phoenix!

VS: Two player battle mode.

Challenge: Time-based challenges with words from various categories.

//Tk Phoenix Psuedo Code for Design

Story Mode:
//Word appears in upper oft-left corner randomly generated by API
//Timer in upper right corner starts counting down from 300 seconds after first word submitted (5 minutes)
//Heart[1-3] next to the timer display
//Text box in lower mid-right waits for user to submit words
//if submitted word is exact letter match move piece toward goal 
//If Timer hits 0, alert(Time's Up). Offer quit or retry. 
//If piece reaches goal, You Win! 
//If Game Over or You Win, offer continue, retry, or quit

VS Mode:
//Word, Timer, Heart[1] and Text box all in same location
//Request player input for name
//Take first letter of player input and generate a piece
//If player submits five words in a row correctly; add 1 Heart
//If player's correct words array is 3 ahead; opponent -1 Heart
//Win condition changed to who reaches goal first, if timer hits 0 before
either player reaches goal whoever correctly completed most words wins. If words 
are equal whoever has the most heart wins. If heart is equal whoever 
submitted the least words wins.

Challenge Mode:
//Word, Timer[60], Heart[1] and text box all in same location.
//Word called from specific API based on player selection
//Every 10 correctly submitted words w/o mistakes add 10 seconds to timer
//*
